Add ALTER TABLE REWRITE PARTS (#87774)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/statements/alter/partition.md

ALTER TABLE mt DELETE IN PARTITION ID '2' WHERE p = 2;
```

## REWRITE PARTS {#rewrite-parts}

> This will rewrite the parts from scratch, by using all new settings (since some, like `use_const_adaptive_granularity`, will be applied only for new parts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will rewrite the parts from scratch, using all new settings. This makes sense because table-level settings like `use_const_adaptive_granularity` are applied only for newly written parts by default.
```
